SHOPPERS
Introduction: 
    Welcome to expiringsoon marketplace, the only online platform where you can buy items at huge discounted rate.
    All products on expiringsoon are categorized by their expiry date and discounted for you with reference to 
    the date difference between the date of purchase and the expiry date.

How it works: 
    For example, lets assume today's date is January 1st 2022. Let's also assume a cake has been uploaded
    by a vendor with the expiry date as December 25th 2022, and with the following discount prices
        *Normal Price: 5000
        *Discount Price 120 days: 4500          120 days to the expiry date (i.e Between August 27th and September 2th), you will pay the discount price of 4500 
        *Discount Price 90 days: 4000           90 days to the expiry date (i.e Between September 26th and October 26th), you will pay the discount price of 4000
        *Discount Price 60 days: 3000           60 days to the expiry date (i.e Between October 27th and  November 25th), you will pay the discounted price of 3000
        *Discount Price 30 days: 2500           30 days to the expiry date (i.e Between November 26th and December 25th), you will pay the discount price of 2500

    New prices automatically appear on the product with respect to its discount timeline. 
    Note that some products may not be discount and prices are subject to change before orders are made. 
    Once you make payment for an order, the price at which the order was made is final even if the product price is adjusted upwards or downwards minutes after 
    your order is received

Site Navigation:
    Home: 
        On the homepage, you will find featured products and shops within your locality. All products are categorized based on their nature, e.g Food items
        Electronics, House hold items, etc
        The hot deals section on the homepage shows products whose current discounted price are atleast 50% below their normal price.

    Products: 
        We list all products in grid format to help you search, sort, and filter as you wish. You can search for products by name, sort by price or expiry date, 
        filter by category, tags, and location.

    Hot Deals:
        Everybody likes awoof, so we've created a page for you to find the hottest deals on expiringsoon. 
        You will find items featured according to their current discount percentage. 

    Vendor:
        You can browse expiringsoon by vendors. This allows you to browse all the product offerings of a particular vendor. It can be very useful
        when you want to buy several items of similar nature or category. Also when you shop from a particular vendor, all your delivery comes
        from one single point, therefore reducing your cost of logistics.
        You can also filter and sort shops based on different criteria. 

Account:
    Dashboard
    Profile
    Orders

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

VENDORS
    Thank you for deciding to sell on expiringsoon marketplace. We have created numerous tools for you to give you a smooth business 
    expirience on expiringsoon.

Start Selling: 
    The first step towards becoming a vendor is registering a vendor account. 
    Click on Start-Selling at the top right section of the home page to create a vendor account. 
    You will be redirected to create your shop after successfully creating your vendor account.

Dashboard:
    The vendor dashboard presents you information about your current subscription and the total number of assets which your subscription affords you,
    your recent transactions, and notifications. Use the menu on the right side to navigate other areas of the vendor dashboard

My Shops:
    The vendors shops page contains a list of shops created by the vendor and basic comparative analytics. From here, you can access the dashboard of
    any shop you own, or create a new shop using the creat shop link at the top
    Note: For a shop to be shown on the site to users, it has to meet the following conditions
                - Stocked: The shop must contain atleast one sellable product
                    For a product to be sellable, it must be available, not expired, visible, and approved.
                - Visibility: The shop should be in published status, not draft
                - Approval: The shop should be approved
                - Active:  The shop's subscription status must be active
                
    create shop:
        Creating a shop is very simple. You only have to fill a shop creating form which is acessible from here. Bear in mind that you
        can either publish your shop or keep it as draft if you are not yet ready to publish it

    Shops
        When you select a particular shop from the list of shops you have on your 'My Shops' page, you are taken to the dashboard
        of that particular shop where you can manage products, orders, settings, and payouts of the shop

        Storefront:
            This is the shopfront of a shop created by a vendor. It also has a shop menu bar on the right for easy navigation through
            the shop. To go back to vendor's dashboard, you can simply use the Dashboard Menu on the Shop Menu Bar

        Products:
            The products menu takes you to a list of all products of a particular shop. You can manage each product or perform actions
            on a group of products at the same time.
            Note: For a product to be shown on the site to users, it has to meet the following conditions
                - Expiration: The expiry date of the product should be greater than today
                - Availability: The available stock quantity of the product should be greater than zero
                - Visibility: The product should be in published status, not draft
                - Approval: The product should be approved
                - Accessibility:  The shop under which the product was created should be accessible
                    The accessibility of a shop depends on all of these criteria being met:
                        - The shop's subscription status i.e shop's subscription must be active
                        - The shop's visibility Status i.e shop is published and not in draft mode
                        - The shop's approval status i.e shop is approved 

            create product:
                To create a new product, use the Add Products button on the top right of the Products Page. 
                The create product form contains both required and optional fields. Filling all the fields makes your product
                easy for buyers to filter and find on the site.
                Discount Prices: We use the discount price section to present attractive offers to buyers on the site so you can sell offerings
                your products at discounted rates before they expire 

        Orders:
            Orders placed for your products will show up here with their status of fulfillment. When you want to fulfill an order, 
            click the view button on the order to visit the order details page
            Order Details:
                From the order details page, you can update order status and open a chat with the buyer.
                Please note that vendors are required to fulfill their orders within a 48 hours window between the time the order
                was place and the delivery.
            
        Settings:
            basic: The basic details of a shop can be updated from here
            store pickup: The store's pickup address (must be same as shop's address), is set here. This location is provided
                to buyers who choose pickup delivery option. 
                Note that you will be required to submit a new address proof verification document whenever you make changes to 
                your store location.
            shop discount:  You could set global discount rates for all products in your shop. This will only be applied when you do not set discount rate for your product.
                            In order words, your individual product discount rates will override whatever you set here.
            verification:   You are required to submit verification documents for the store (e.g business documents), address proof
                            (e.g utility bill showing company address) and owner Identification (e.g Drivers License, International Passport
                            or any government issued ID)
            staff:          You can add new and manage existing staff. Each staff you add will be able to help you manage products
                            and orders in your store. 
            shipping:       Cost of shipping or logistics is at your discretion. You can set how much you are charging to make delivery both within the state
                            where you operate and inter-state.

        Earning: 
            When you make money from an order, you will details of your earning on this page. Earnings are calculated by subtracting 
            the commission percentage from the payment made for the product. We do not subtract from whatever you charge for delivery
            For example: If a product price is 500, and the delivery charge is 200. Suppose our commision is 10%
            A customer who has chosen to buy your product and have it delivered to him will pay 700
            We will charge you commision of 10% on the 500, which is equal to 50
            And your earning will be 450 + 200 (cost of shipping) = 650

        Payouts:
            To initiate a payout or withdrawal, you need to add a bank account (For Nigeria and Ghana) or a Paypal account (For UK, USA, UAE)
            Enter a withdrawal amount to be within the withdrawal maximum and minimum to submit request. Most of our payout process takes
            a maximum of 24hours business day.

Adverts:
    Adverts help to make your product and shop even more visible to buyers on the platform. We have a total of 11 advert positions 
    across the front pages.       
    <table>
        <thead>
            <tr>
                <th>
                    Position
                </th>
                <th>
                    Pages
                </th>
                <th>
                    Type
                </th>
            </tr>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
            <tr>
                <td>
                    Featured Products
                </td>
                <td>
                    Home Page, 
                </td>
                <td>
                    Product
                </td>
            </tr>
        </tbody>
    </table>
    Adset:
        The first step to creating an ad is to add a new adset.
        Insert Image
        Each set represent different advert positions and the units per days you can buy. You may buy single or multiple adset at a time.
        *Days specifies the duration for which the set will be active
        *Units specifies the number of ads you can place in the set
        Once you have purchased your adset(s), you can add new ads under any of the sets by clicking on manage.
        Note: You can also renew expired adsets. This saves you the time of creating new adsets
    Create Ad:
        To create an ad, pick an adset and select manage



Transactions:
    All transactions related to subscriptions and adsets are displayed here. 

Notifications:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

API DOCUMENTATION

Getting Started:
    get_token:
    re-issue-token:
    delete-tokens:
    access-pin:
Subscription:
    plans:
    subscribe
Shops
    create:
    update:
    
    shipping:
        destination:
            new:
            all:
            update:
            delete:
    

Products:
    new:
    all:
    update:
    delete:

Orders:
    web-hook:
    get_all_orders:
    view_order:
    fulfil_order:

Payout:
    bankaccount:
    withdrawal:

Miscellaneous:
    states:
    cities:
    categories:
    tags:

DOWNLOAD
    vendors app:
    shoppers app: coming soon

FAQ


CONTACT
