vendor bvn verification : for every bank account added, there must be BVN validation
Bvn validation: manual bvn validation before payouts 
(check ID Card name against the bvn validation result name, phone, dob)
throttle bvn validation
login throttle, bvn validation, transaction confirmation error, id verification mismatch, 
revisit security alert - once someone is throttled 
add password strength meter
security with pin


8.REVIEW
customer rate product, rate shop..after order is completed, refunded, 
REPORT SHOPS/PRODUCT
reviews : product rating.. show in index, product, hotdeals


select2 on modal in categories edit not working
categories homepage

notifications - email and inapp

hot deals mobile view (home page & hot deals page)

REFUND
if customers order out of current state, put a disclaimer that a refund may not happen

coupon

SETTINGS
add auto-renew to vendor settings.. e.g auto renew subscription,
Profile Page: transaction pin, identity card, auto-renew subscriptions, 
update admin settings with new database parameters

cron job for running jobs 
if user is downgrading, show the impact of the plan to the user.
if user wants to be restored to the previous existing plan, make it possible... but no refund

on subscription expiry, change all his shop status to false, and all his product status to false.. leave only the number allocated by free
if user does not have subscription[
    
    2. he cannot create withdrawals, bvn validation, 
    3. his products, shops and ads that are deactivated will show shop/product deactivated at the top
    5. when user subscribes, activate only the number of shops & products that the subscription can buy
    6. add coupon for buying subscriptions ? Coupon value + percentage
  
if customer does not raise query xdays after delivery, change order to completed

add PUBLISH & DRAFT button to product list

revisit advert page to edit advert status

automatic payouts using flutter/paystack
forgot password
cart page- on removal, if there is no more products, remove that shop section completely
product page .. redo wishlist, similar products, 
clean all orders with status new

add autorenew checkbox to subscription and feature purchase form